Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
And women down below. Mr. Devil and I
am gonna put on some show.
♪ If what you say is the positive truth ♪
To our new friend. welcome.
This is your souvenir.
Yesterday.
I don't want it.
This is like the last person...
I wanna be...
Hello.
My name is Antigone Corday.
I am Jeremiah Corday's sister.
And I have some very upsetting news.
Yesterday. my brother Jeremiah died.
He was my best friend.
He taught me everything.
My heart is broken. but
I can't just sit here and
waste away and do nothing.
Jeremiah would kill me.
As much as he meant to me.
he meant even more to you.
And the causes he fought for.
He gave important ideas a global platform.
So in order to keep his legacy alive.
I'm going to continue
uploading to his channel.
His causes are mine
and his spirit is mine now.
Jeremiah always used
to say we'll never end evil
and will never end oppression.
But what remains and
what rises into the ether
and becomes immortal. in his words.
is the way in which we bring light
and goodness into this world.
The impact is really real. y'all.
The impact is there.
And so that's what I'm doing.
Or at least that's what
I'm gonna try to do.
because that's what Jeremiah was about.
And that is the most admirable thing
that I can take with me through my life
and teach my kid.
But you know what. I thought.
like. what can I bring to his legacy
that would make him maybe even more human?
So I found this.
It's a never before
seen clip. an exclusive.
It's from Jeremiah's last birthday.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear Jeremiah ♪
Yes!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ And many more ♪
Can I make a wish?
Okay. I wish for world peace.
Oh my god.
Jeremiah you can't say it.
Okay. I can't say it.
I'll make another wish.
Thank you.
No. no. no.
No. not yet dad.
Okay. we're gonna eat it soon.
Jeremiah's gonna cut it. - I'll cut it.
'Cause it's his-
You want a big piece
or a small piece. dad?
A big piece.
Okay.
Don't give him too big.
Let's use our fork. dad.
Take that. look.
Can you
actually also wipe his face?
I am. I am.
He's actually not doing too. too bad.
Use your fork.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. that's good.
So.
what does the future hold in store
for the legendary firebrand
Jeremiah Corday?
Did you just say firebrand?
I did. what do
you have to say about it?
Yeah.
A rebel.
I'm an icon.
That's true.
I'm a sex symbol.
Ew. stop.
I feel like it's time
for a rebrand for me.
What do you think?
Okay. say more.
I've just been thinking that it's
like. a good time to sell out.
The market is ready for me to sell out.
Jeremiah's selling out.
You've heard it here first. folks.
I'm gonna become a neoliberal shit head.
What do you think?
Ugh. dad.
I'm saying. like. get my ass
into a room with some lobbyists.
Get me a house in the Hamptons. baby.
It's time to sell out.
It's time to make this money.
Okay.
Okay?
Could you imagine if
I could actually do that
with a straight face?
You'd get elected.
I'd get elected. yes.
I would be
your. you know. obviously...
First sister.
Yeah. first sister.
I guess we'll just have
to settle for another year
of trying to change the world.
Ugh. I thought it would clear things up
because Jeremiah always used to say
that misinformation was a plague.
especially during Trump. and especially.
ugh. especially during COVID.
So you guys. once and for all.
Jeremiah was not murdered.
He had an old car and the brakes were bad.
And we always told
him. "Fix your car. dude."
He never did. because of
course he had better things to do.
And so one night it was raining
and he hydroplaned and he died.
There was a fire.
I know that it's the internet
and you trolls be trolling.
But please. please just stop.
Just imagine if it was you.
And your family. your
brother. your best friend.
And imagine that all you
had to go on was teeth.
Hi daddy.
You need help?
No. no. no. - Come-
No. I'm good.
I'm good.
Are you sure?
Yeah. don't get up.
Okay.
What?
There's a mess.
That's okay.
A spill.
I'll clean it up.
What am I here for. daddy?
I'm bugging you.
No. no. I'm done.
Where's Jeremiah?
Ugh.
Joining us now is Antigone Corday.
Antigone. it goes without saying.
but I gotta say it: that everyone here is.
we're devastated. And we're so. so sorry.
Thank you.
Jeremiah meant so much
to each and every one of us.
and I absolutely loved him.
And I'm sure most of
my viewers know this...
The illustrious career of
Jeremiah Corday began
when he was a lowly intern
on the Tim Remus Show.
And we were a tiny operation at the time.
He loved the show. and he kept emailing me.
and he wouldn't stop.
And one day he shows up at
the office with his bag. says.
"I drove all the way from Tulsa."
"and you don't have to pay me."
"I'll work for free."
"I just want to be a journalist."
which is trademark Jeremiah.
From the moment I saw the guy.
from the moment he opened his mouth.
I could tell this person was remarkable.
He was extraordinary.
You know. half the time
he knew more than I did.
And so pretty soon he was working here.
And pretty soon he was
pitching stories. and of course.
because he's Jeremiah.
they were incredible.
The first video we ever did
that crossed two million
views. was one he pitched.
Oh. I remember that.
Oh. that was such an amazing time for us.
That was what. like. six years ago now?
Yeah. yeah. that's right.
But you know what?
He was about to quit
politics before he came to you.
So. seriously. thank you.
You saved his life.
Well. Antigone. thank you so much.
He had this. this shit job.
He had a master's degree and he was working
at a restaurant as a host.
Wow. - You know. he.
he was putting all of
his energy into that job.
and he had no time to
do the research he wanted
or do the social media push
that would really create him a platform.
And you know what?
He was... He was so charming.
And he was so magnetic.
and damn. he was brilliant.
Right. you know?
So we talked about it. and I said.
"Why don't you just go. go to Tim?"
And so he did. and. you know.
all the rest is... - The rest is history.
Absolutely.
So we've put together a
little reel of Jeremiah's work.
some from my show. some from his show.
Just some classics. you know?
And I have to warn you. if
you're new to Jeremiah's work.
that this will not come
close to capturing his impact.
his wisdom. his humor.
his extraordinary insight.
But I hope it'll give you an idea.
So let's roll the clip.
I'm just saying. compared
to fuckin' Hillary Clinton.
Bill Cosby is basically Mother Teresa.
Whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Tell me I'm wrong.
you know that I'm right.
Okay. you know what?
It's just... elaborate
uh. please? - Okay. I mean.
first of all. she's a fucking war criminal.
Right. look at Libya.
That. well. it's just uh-
And you know that I hate President Trump.
Well. that makes two of us.
Well. when he said that she started
ISIS. I lost my shit.
I mean. they march in there extralegally
and destabilize the entire region.
I mean. you can't
argue with that one. right?
I mean. Gaddafi was a
monster. but compared to ISIS?
Compared to ISIS. he's Mother Teresa.
He's Bill Cosby.
Thank
you. our first question?
Alright. yes.
Madam Vice President. you
and President Biden campaigned
on a platform of unity and equality.
Time and time again. you
specifically called attention
to the inhumane camps
at the US-Mexico border.
As of right now. there
are more people detained
in those camps than at any time
during President Trump's tenure.
How long will you stand
on black and brown bodies
to further your own ambitions?
I guess as a followup
question. I would love to know.
how can you sleep at night?
Jeremy. lemme tell you something.
but yes. I will and I have before. listen.
The calls are getting louder and louder.
This is what I'm talking about.
Top Democrats from New
York to the White House.
calling on Governor Andrew Cuomo to resign.
Jeremiah Corday joins us now.
Jeremiah's a correspondent
with the Tim Remus Show on YouTube.
Thank you. Don.
Thanks for having me on.
This is something that nobody
would've predicted last year.
It's pretty disappointing
and it's pretty shocking.
It's a shocking development. yes.
Shocking is the right word.
It was actually shocking
when he let thousands
of old people die last year.
and no one reported on it.
Sexual harassment is wrong
and it should not be tolerated.
It should be condemned
and punished and prosecuted.
But. you know. I think that
negligent homicide is kind
of a bigger deal here.
At best. it was negligent homicide.
You know. at worst. it's a
holocaust of grandmothers.
A...
a holocaust of grandmothers.
Jeremiah Corday.
Yeah. I was thinking that
maybe you should put that
on T-shirts and sell it.
You know what. I'll give
you a cut of the merch.
I want a percentage if you sell
Holocaust of grandmother T-shirts.
Yeah. yeah.
Okay. I gotta ask. once
it was all said and done.
and once the interview was over.
like. how pissed were they?
Dude. they were so pissed. They...
I left the studio and walked
back to my dressing room.
and they had locked the door.
And they put all of
my shit in a plastic bag
and just dropped it at the door.
No one even talked to me.
I would say that that sounds like a hint.
Yeah. I don't think that
the people there like it
when you speak truth to power.
Okay. let's take a question
from the super chat.
Jeremiah. why are you so much harder
on the left than you are the right?
Wow.
First of all. I love this question.
Thank you.
I'm not. I mean. I see
where you're coming from.
I am. I am more...
I am more critical of the left.
I agree.
But anybody with a brain to think.
anyone with a conscience
would agree with me
that the right is totally corrupt.
totally morally bankrupt at this point.
But my problem is that on the left. we love
to fancy ourselves as the party
that holds ourselves to
a higher moral standard.
I would love to think that a big part
of what I'm trying to do
is to present that standard
and to try and hold
these leaders accountable.
Because I do believe that
real change is possible.
Real actual human change is possible.
James Joyce once wrote
that history is a nightmare
from which I am trying to awake.
I love that.
I love that. I'm inspired by that.
If you really study it.
you'll see that our time
on this planet has been
nothing short of a horrible.
horrible nightmare with wars.
and diseases. and oppression.
But we're doing a whole lot
better than we used to be doing.
Human beings are in a
much better position now
than we were because enough people stood up
and raised their voices and
made something happen.
And when our time is
up and we pass that torch
to the next generation.
and they pass that torch
and that generation passes it
to the next generation. then maybe.
just maybe in some
distant future. you know.
history can be a dream come true.
Thank you so much.
Jeremiah is. he's irreplaceable.
I know.
There's. there's a.
there's a. a. a spill.
I know. it's okay.
Not right now.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. that's perfectly fine.
I'm so sorry. this seems like a good note
to end on. though.
For sure. yeah. yeah.
I think. sorry. I think
your partner is still. uh.
Oh. that's not my partner. that's my dad.
I'm gonna be a single mom. so...
I'm sorry. Eddie. hey!
How are you. Eddie?
Hey. it's been ages. how are you doing?
You look different. I didn't recognize you.
Hi. Tim.
Hello. Eddie.
Yeah. he can't hear you.
but I'll send along the message.
This is not gonna be
me crying all the time.
I have cried all day and
I'm really. really scared.
And if this is a prank.
it is really fucked up.
Okay?
Please just stop.
This showed up at my door today
and it came with a camera.
which I'm using now.
and a laptop and this note.
And the note said to turn on
the laptop and film the camera.
Sorry. my brain is just
really going everywhere.
But.
the note said to turn on the laptop
and film the screen. and
I think it's just impossible.
Or maybe I'm going crazy or something
but this is what was on it.
Okay. so the note told me
to watch the video in here
in case the house is bugged.
The only thing on this laptop is the video.
so I guess let's watch it.
Hey. Antigone.
I'm alive.
I'm so sorry for everything
that I've put you through.
I love you.
Please just trust that
this was the only way
that things could happen.
Alright?
I'm in danger and you are in danger.
and dad's in danger.
I just watched your interview
with Tim. and I was so moved.
Thank you for your hope and
your optimism. and your heart.
I wish I had that hope right now.
But I don't.
Everything that I've been fighting for.
everything that I've been believing in
has been called into question.
Something terrible and
horrible is about to happen.
Worse than 9-11 or
COVID. or any of that shit.
Okay. but we can stop it. Antigone.
We can stop it. but we
have to work together.
Alright?
I need you to listen to me.
Don't trust anyone.
alright? Don't talk to anyone.
Take that camera that I sent you
and record everything. alright?
I need you to record everything.
Don't use your phone. use the camera.
It's much more secure.
Reality is completely
upside down right now.
And I could explain everything to you.
but it would take five hours. and honestly.
it wouldn't make much of a difference.
But here's what we can do.
Take that camera. hit record. stand up.
walk to the window. point it to the sky.
Alright?
I'm gonna give you 40
seconds and then come back
and watch the rest of this video.
If you're still looking at me
right now on this video. stop.
I'm telling you to stand up.
walk to the window and film.
This is a pre-recorded
video. it's not live.
So go and do it. okay?
I love you.
Trust me. go.
Oh my gosh.
What is that?
Is that?
Okay. okay. okay.
Pretty amazing. right?
And before you ask. no. I'm
not on a spaceship. obviously.
I haven't been abducted.
I'm just trying to show you
that things are not what they seem.
Okay. and you can't trust anyone right now.
Things are about to
get very. very dangerous.
But you have a huge part
to play in all of this. okay?
I need you to keep doing
what you've been doing.
Alright?
Keep giving interviews.
keep making YouTube videos.
Keep talking to people.
Mourn my loss. that's key.
It's important that people think
that I'm dead. alright.
you can't say anything
about this to anyone.
Don't tell anyone about this video.
And please. please do
not call the cops. alright?
So many people that I
thought were my friends.
so many people that I
thought were my allies.
turned out not to be. they're...
And I know I sound crazy when I say this.
You fuckin'...
You know that I hate conspiracies.
but a lot of these people are aligned
with forces that are fucking evil.
So just keep recording
everything. that's all we can do.
Make a document. record everything.
Alright?
The last thing I need
you to do is I need you
to go to my apartment.
You've got the keys.
Go inside. grab my laptop.
And there's a plastic bag in the tank
of the toilet in my bathroom.
Take that bag.
Don't watch the contents
that are inside of it.
Not yet. alright?
Wait till you hear from me.
I love you so much.
Thank you for trusting me.
I'll be in touch soon.
What we're really seeing here is the dawn
of a post-human era. a time of ascendance
for those deemed worthy.
And what makes someone worthy?
How does man or woman ascend to godhood?
I'm not talking about some
phony. Christian superstition.
If you wanna see. you
know. all the good that
thoughts and prayers have done.
you can go walk through a cemetery.
But there are gods.
They're real.
The worthy have always known this.
And you can look at sacrifice. you know.
as barbaric or primitive.
but that's just ignorant.
The god's demand sacrifice.
Because. I mean. there's a
whole lot that this accomplishes.
But. you know. one thing. although it's
not the main thing is
it draws their attention.
And it shows the gods that
the one performing the sacrifice
is asking to be like them.
We're saying. you know.
"Let me into your club."
So that is. that's exactly
what we're telling them.
And there's a ritual element. of course.
But. you know. sacrifice.
sacrifice can take. obviously.
a lot of different forms.
You can undermine and
you can. well. shift. you know.
power structures and topple governments.
So now you've created an environment. okay.
where lots of people are going to die
and you get their attention.
You can take advantage
of a natural disaster
and march in there with a nonprofit
and funnel children away.
These kids. you know. are. they're orphans.
They're gonna die regardless.
But they can be used for a higher purpose.
Their purpose is to create a bridge.
is to open a line of communication.
Okay?
What. what do you want me to do?
I want you to smash it. daddy.
What?
That computer right there.
You see?
Right in front of you?
It's black.
Yeah. you got it.
You want me to break it with a hamper?
Yes. I want you to smash
the living daylights out of it.
Why honey?
Because it's my old laptop
and I'm getting a new one. and I need to.
I need to destroy it so that
no one steals my identity.
Oh god. hold on.
Oh. yeah. you. you keep
going while I take this phone call.
Hello?
Hi. is this Antigone Corday?
Yes. this is she.
Who is this?
Hi. this is Jake Hernandez
with Lockridge & Associates.
Oh. hi.
Oh my gosh. thank you so much
for the flowers Mark sent me. and the card.
It's so appreciated.
Oh. great. yeah.
I'll let him know.
And all of us here are.
we're absolutely devastated.
Jeremiah is such a huge loss.
And please know that
you and your family are
in our thoughts right now.
Yes. thank you. thank you.
I really appreciate that.
And well. so. listen.
Mark saw your interview
on Tim's show and we
saw what you were doing
with your channel. and we love it.
Wow. thank you.
That's so nice of you to say.
I really appreciate that.
Well. other people
have been watching too.
and they've been reaching out to us.
And I think there are a
couple of opportunities.
obviously. whenever you're ready.
Opportunities?
So Mark would probably wanna talk
through the details with you.
And I'm really sorry bringing up business
at a time like this.
Oh. no. no.
Please. please.
Business is all I wanna
think about. you trust me.
It's a great distraction. so thank you.
Well. there's something
that's a bit time sensitive.
and Mark let me know
that he could make himself available today.
Yeah. okay.
Yeah. just let me know when and I'm there.
Okay.
So I am about to meet Mark
Bruce. Jeremiah's literary agent.
Jeremiah has a book coming
out later this year. or he had one.
But Mark says that he
has a surprise for me.
so I think I'm a little bit surprised out.
But we'll see.
So tell me. are you working on anything?
Got anything in the pipe?
Oh. yeah. no. I'm...
Yes I'm. I have taken over
Jeremiah's channel. so I'm.
that's keeping me very busy
and I'm really grateful for that
because. oh boy. I don't know if I.
if I didn't have that
right now. I think I would
just collapse and curl up into a ball.
and yeah. it's saving me.
Yeah. I get that.
My son died last year.
Shot himself.
Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry.
I know. everyone was. but I
mean. what else can you say?
Right?
Everyone's walking on eggshells around you
and you just don't give a shit.
Hmm. yeah. - Because
there's nothing anyone really can say.
There's no comfort. there's no consolation.
there's no fixing it.
I took two days to just
sob and sob. and sob.
and stare at the wall and
forget to take a shower.
And it was. it was killing me.
But the day of Harry's funeral. I worked.
It's probably because
it hadn't fully set in.
really. you know. and
I was just going crazy.
Right. - And I hadn't processed it.
And I felt like I needed to work. I had to.
And it made me sane. it was therapeutic.
Yeah. no. I definitely understand that.
Were like kindred spirits there. for sure.
Well. if you need time.
just let me know. okay?
But I'm not gonna ask. 'cause
I hated it when they asked me.
Sounds good. thank you.
Yeah. you're welcome.
So let's get down to business then?
Please. let's do it.
Okay.
So I saw you on Tim Remus.
and I've been watching
all the stuff you've been uploading.
you know. all of those Jeremiah clips
and especially the.
there was this one
clip. what was it called?
The Bill Cosby's Super Cut.
Yes.
The Bill Cosby Super clit.
Yeah. I know.
I figure that the funny s-
Oh man. he.
It's the funny stuff
that's so good right now
'cause it's like. uplifting. you know?
Yeah. that's right.
He was so joyful.
He really was.
Yeah.
So look. people have
been reaching out to me.
Everybody loved Jeremiah
and they loved the work he did.
They love your passion
and the work you're doing.
And they want to help you. I don't know.
carry the torch. so to speak?
That's amazing.
Wow. where do we begin?
Well. first thing we gotta do is
get some big names on your channel. right?
And I think AOC has some
time available tomorrow.
AOC?
Wow. that would be actually incredible.
I mean. I would be super honored.
Yes. please.
Yeah?
Okay.
That's great.
Told them that I would let them know.
So you're telling me you're
interested. I'll set it up.
Okay? - Yes. I am.
Yes. thank you.
Wow. - Great. yeah.
No problem.
There's one more thing
I wanted to run by you.
Now. the timeline on this is
not super rushed or anything.
but obviously. we would like
to get this sooner than later.
So Jeremiah was a prolific writer. right?
We got his book. it's
pretty much finalized.
We're good there.
But his blog is huge.
Right. yeah.
Right?
Mm-hm. - I mean. there's
just years of content.
Of course. - We could.
I don't know.
compile it. curate it somewhere.
Uh-huh.
Right? - Okay. yeah.
I mean. we would love for
you to write the introduction.
Oh. I mean. yeah. I could try.
I mean. I'm definitely not the writer
that Jeremiah was. but yes. for sure.
Yes.
Great. okay.
And you know. the
last time I talked to him.
he did mention he was
working on something new.
but didn't tell me what that was.
Do you have any insight there?
Well. I will be going
through all of his stuff.
so if I find anything. I can
definitely send it your way.
Great. okay.
That would be very helpful. thank you.
For sure.
So many folks. they have this.
this mistaken conception
that war is a racket.
That's what the profane say. and it's.
well. it's shortsighted.
and it's just about
as old as history.
It's pretty old. but the
truth is older than history.
They say. you know. war's
a means of making money
off the backs and the bodies.
and the blood of folks sent to fight.
And always they'll be similar speculation
on those stuck in the crosshairs.
The innocent civilians. and so on.
Every bit of that is all just.
it's total stupidity and ignorance.
The worthy know that riches are ephemeral.
Human blood is so precious.
so very. very precious.
so much more precious than gold.
Money is illusion.
The only lasting riches
are in transcendence.
And transcendence requires sacrifice.
Brick by brick. we're building a temple.
The builders have labored in
an unbroken line since the dawn
of thought on something enormous
and glorious and final.
It is almost complete.
Okay.
So I just got to Jeremiah's apartment
and I am freaking the fuck out.
Look.
Okay-
Hey!
Oh. hey. Antigone!
Oh my god.
it's so good to see you.
Yeah. you're filming?
Oh yeah. I'm filming
a documentary on Jeremiah.
Oh. I didn't know I was
gonna be in the movies.
Well. oh. sorry.
It's off. - It's fine.
It's totally fine.
Look. I didn't want to
startle you about this. okay.
but someone called me to let me know
that Jeremiah's apartment was broken into.
And I just had to run down here
and make sure everything was still here.
Oh. wow. that's.
that's so nice of you.
You didn't have to do that.
It's no problem at all.
You have so much on your plate.
I didn't want you to have
to worry about this. okay?
And. you know. I was gonna call the cops
and I just had to make sure.
but everything is still here.
But if you find anything
of interest at all.
please let me know.
Okay. yeah. I definitely will.
Please. okay?
Yes. I will.
Awesome.
Okay. well. I was just gonna go in there
and check if there's any
articles of clothing I need
to bring to Goodwill or whatever.
Understood.
Well. I'll leave you to it.
Okay.
Good luck with your movie.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Someone called you?
Who?
So. what. you were intimately familiar
with the details of his apartment?
Oh my god.
Wait.
Where the fuck is his laptop?
Hey!
Hey.
Startled me. there.
Oh my
gosh. I really apologize.
Totally fine. what's up?
Oh. you told me to mention
if anything was missing
and actually. Jeremiah's laptop.
Oh. wow.
Okay.
Did you see it?
It's a MacBook Pro. that
exact model. you know?
Did you see it? - Um.
I. I mean. I'm pretty
sure I would have noticed.
but no. I didn't see anything anywhere.
Are you sure?
I mean. maybe it fell between the cushions
of the couch or something.
But really. aye-yai-yai.
if somebody took that.
I am so sorry.
Oh. that's really okay.
Just. it looks exactly like that one.
Oh god. my brain is in a crazy
place because of Jeremiah.
and I'm just like. kind
of spiraling right now.
So if you could just.
you're. you're totally sure.
I. yeah. but you know. if
you say it's just like this one.
I mean. I get it. but this one is mine.
Oh yeah. no. of course.
I know it's yours.
I didn't mean to imply that-
No. no. I'm sorry.
No problem.
I didn't mean it to come off that way.
What I mean to say is I
took it out of my briefcase
and went upstairs. and in
case I saw anything missing.
I was gonna take some notes
or even shoot off an email.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah. I know what you mean.
Could you check?
God. I'm so sorry.
I just. could you just. please?
I'm really embarrassed to ask.
but... - Check what?
Your briefcase.
Oh. just to see. because it. it.
it really does look
like that right there. so.
Sure.
Oh.
Well. shit.
Thank you so much
for helping me find that though.
I. I made a mistake.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. no.
it's really no problem.
Thank you so much.
I mean.
gosh. I like.
I thought I took it outta the briefcase.
but I guess I didn't.
And I was up there and
it was all ubba-dob-a-dah.
And I saw the computer and I took it.
But it was his and I thought it was mine.
I must must be sleepwalking.
Mark?
I really do get it.
So you really don't need to explain.
Can I just?
Sure.
I'll just take it.
Thank you. - There you go.
Thank you so much.
Have a good night.
You too.
Okay. well. if that wasn't weird enough.
I feel like I literally just
stepped into the Twilight Zone
because after I caught Mark doing
some really freaking weird James Bond shit
with the laptop. I come
back and I find this.
I mean. apparently the owl from space
or hell has gotten in.
I mean. I have no idea how it did.
I really just wanna get the you-know-what
from the toilet tank and
get the fuck up out of here.
So. here I go.
Wish me luck.
Okay. buddy.
I come in peace.
Oh. gosh.
Okay.
Thank you. Jeremiah.
Okay. so I've seen like. five
of them on the drive so far.
But they just whoosh
by or hover for a second.
and then they disappear.
But these have just been
sitting there for a couple minutes.
Okay.
I can't say that I am more
freaked out than I was before.
but I am pretty freaked out.
They are right outside my house.
What do they want?
Oh. if I saw this video.
I would not believe me.
Jeremiah?
Sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. we don't need to leave the house.
Of course. we have food.
Yup. tomorrow.
AOC. if you can believe it.
Yeah.
I love you so much.
I love you.
Oh my god!
Put the knife down! - I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
Oh my god! - I'm sorry.
What the fuck. dad?
What the fuck?
I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm an owl.
I'm an owl.
What do you mean you're an owl?
I. I. I tried to. I tried
to scare them away.
I was scaring them...
Who'd you try to scare away. daddy?
Hoo. Hoo.
Oh. that's what the owl said.
That's what the owl said.
What do you mean?
Did you see an owl?
I'm going to my room.
I'm going. I'm sorry.
So dad got
into my makeup tonight.
Guess I'm on cleaning duty.
I'm tired.
I know. dad.
I just wanna get this really quick. okay?
Please?
It's embarrassing.
It's not
embarrassing. you were scared.
Did you see something?
Did something happen while I was gone?
It's okay. daddy. you can tell me.
No.
Daddy.
Uh-uh.
You were saying
something about an owl?
Don't say it.
Don't say what?
I know I'm sick.
They're not real.
Dad?
Who. who isn't real?
I don't think they're real. I...
Dad?
I hope they're not.
I don't think you're crazy.
I remember it like a dream.
There were these.
these two owls. and they were
outside at the windows.
But they didn't feel outside.
They felt like they were
inside me.
Vampire
teeth. teeth of the devil.
They're insights. incisors.
Vampire teeth of the devil.
Oh. dad.
They suck on babies.
Dad.
Stupid.
That must have been so scary.
I made a fool of myself.
Well. they went
away. so maybe it worked.
Okay. so my dad's asleep.
so I have to be quiet.
but I am so fucking freaked out right now.
And it's 3:00 AM and I have
the most important interview
of my life in the morning.
And I can't sleep.
And for hours. I've been
tossing and turning in the dark.
But now I'm afraid of
the dark. like a baby.
And I've been going down
this crazy rabbit hole about owls
and UFOs. and apparently
they're like. incredibly connected.
And I've been getting these
emails. these crazy emails
from this guy. Caesar Green.
saying that Jeremiah is
alive and that I'm in danger.
And for those of you who
don't know who Caesar Green is.
he's this crazy conspiracy theory guy
who's been banned. like. everywhere.
And he is a far-right guy
who I truly want nothing to do with.
He's. he's a really bad guy.
He's said that mass shootings
are false flag operations
and has spread incredibly
horrible COVID misinformation.
and election fraud lies.
Bad. bad. bad guy.
But about 45 minutes
ago. he sent me this email
with a link to a video on his website.
Truth Wars. appropriately named.
Ladies and gentlemen. you
may think you know the truth
about UFOs. Or now
they're calling them UAPs:
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
You may have watched the X-Files.
seen documentaries. read some books.
maybe even some official
military documents. Declassified.
But they're declassified.
which means they're bullshit.
This is all part of a coordinated campaign
to shape your perceptions.
This is how propaganda works. folks.
Read Edward Bernays.
Read Noam Chomsky.
Read Alex Constantine.
Mind War.
Sci-Ops.
Let's talk about another aerial phenomenon.
one that has been
identified since pre-history.
The owl.
Now what do owls have
to do with UFOs or UAPs
or whatever the elite
wants you to call them?
What would you say if I was to tell you
that owls had everything to do
with those little lights in the sky.
with the abductions and mutilations?
And I'm not just talking
about cattle mutilations.
This is hidden.
This is something they
don't want you to know.
but for every cow they find.
they find 10 people.
Now. this next image is disturbing.
I warn you.
I obtained this from one of
my contacts in intelligence.
Search this online.
and they'll tell you it's
a mob killing from 1982.
A mob killing?
That's like Epstein's Temple.
Remember Jeffrey Epstein
and Pedophile Island?
Where all the elites went to party?
Bill Gates. Bill Clinton?
Anthony Fauci?
And on this private
island. Pedophile Island.
where all the elites would hang out.
there was this building.
Do you know what the
mainstream media said this was?
A music room.
Can you believe that?
What do you need a
mattress in a music room for?
A music room.
A mob killing.
A load of crap is what it is.
And I'm not just rambling here.
these things are connected.
Look at this face.
Does it remind you of anything?
Look closely if you can stomach it.
For millennia. since the
dawn of recorded history.
in every culture you can imagine.
the owl has been seen as a messenger
from the spirit world.
from the underworld.
The owl is a guardian at the gateway
between our world and the
hidden realm of demonic forces.
And all the time.
alien abduction experiences
and UFO sightings are preceded
or followed or connected in
some way or another to owls.
Owls are always showing up at these scenes.
There's a huge body of literature on this.
The elites know all about it.
And look here: that is Bohemian Grove.
Bohemian Grove. where elites
have met for a hundred years.
Presidents. Supreme Court
Justices. business tycoons.
And what is that they're worshiping?
Do I need to spell it out for you?
The video may be a little fuzzy.
but this video is actual footage.
It's acknowledged. it's real.
That is a giant owl deity.
Okay. I am just so nervous and so excited
because my absolute
hero. one of them at least.
AOC is about to be on my show.
And you know what. I'm
just gonna keep it simple.
Talk about Jeremiah. of course. and policy
and advocacy. - Hey.
Hey. daddy.
What is that?
Dad. I'm doing something for work.
What the shit is that?
It's okay. just...
Can you go back into your room please?
So. as I was saying. AOC
is about to be on my show
and I am really excited.
So. great.
Thank you so much.
Women helping women. right?
Totally.
And you're a great interviewer.
You have a great little show going.
Oh. well. thank you.
And of course. I will send
you a copy before I upload.
And if there's anything you want me to edit
or cut out. just please let me know.
Sure. Perfect.
And Mark had just.
he was absolutely glowing
when he spoke about you.
Oh. that's so nice.
Yeah. Mark has been so great.
He's so supportive.
He mentioned that
there's a book coming out?
From Jeremiah. yeah.
Right. and there's gonna be even more?
Well. yeah. hopefully.
I mean. there's so
much that isn't published
and there's his blog. which is so big.
and hopefully there's even
a book in there. you know?
Oh. that's so awesome.
He has such an amazing legacy.
It's beautiful that you're
helping to keep it alive.
Well. I'm doing everything that I can.
It's so important. especially right now.
There's so much misinformation. you know?
Yeah.
It must be awful for you to see that
in the middle of everything
you're going through.
Um. I don't. I don't know.
It's just stupid people online.
Don't pay attention.
Oh. well. I don't really
think I even could at this point.
Jeremiah was extraordinarily courageous.
All the investigative stuff he was doing.
especially recently?
Uh. yeah.
And I know he was talking
to some intelligence people?
Oh.
Did you know anything about that?
Mm. no. I mean. he
was pretty tightlipped.
He didn't even show me
anything until it was finished
and. you know. he was
like an artist like that.
Sure. that's what made him so good.
But if you see anything when you're going
through his stuff that's direct interaction
with anyone from the government...
I'm sure Mark told you.
Um. no.
Or maybe I. maybe. I don't remember.
Just send it to Mark or my staff.
I'll email you.
Okay. sounds good.
Oh. oh.
Oh god. I'm so sorry.
I'm just a little bit jumpy these days.
No. I should let you go.
Okay. well. seriously.
thank you so. so much again.
I really appreciate this.
Okay. I'm coming.
I'm sorry about that.
Okay. and please just
remember if you see anything.
it could be a legal issue.
They're super strict about that stuff.
Oh. okay.
Yeah. for sure.
Okay. I'll be right there.
I'm so sorry.
Okay. yes. yes. yes.
Bye.
Okay. I'm coming!
Long time. no see.
Oh my gosh!
Mark. what's going on?
Well. nothing.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Am I interrupting?
Oh. no. no. no.
I'm just finishing up my interview.
Okay.
Look. I don't wanna just barge in
on you like this. - Oh. no.
No. not at all.
What's going on?
I feel terrible.
Why. what's?
Your laptop.
Oh. I'm sorry. Jeremiah's laptop.
Oh. come on.
It was just an honest mistake. seriously.
I'm just rushing all the time
from one place to the other.
and sometimes I just. I don't even think.
No. I know.
And seriously. you have been so supportive
that I truly didn't think anything of it.
I just didn't want you to think.
I didn't think. seriously.
You stop thinking!
I already did.
So. that makes me feel so much better.
And. you know. look.
I'm gonna say this again.
If you ever need help
going through his files at all.
please come to me.
That is so sweet.
Thank you.
We have a team of editors.
we have an army of professionals.
We have a whole bunch of equipment.
We can streamline the process.
Get through it all.
get it off of your mind.
What is going on behind you?
Oh. oh my gosh.
I'm so sorry.
Jeremiah?
Oh. - No. daddy.
Remember?
I'm so sorry. can...
I've gotta go. - Okay.
Thanks
so much for stopping by.
I really appreciate it.
Sure.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
What the fuck?
What that is?
Oh. - What am I doing?
No. daddy.
It's okay.
Just. can you go put some clothes on?
I'm sorry.
It's okay. you got me
out of a little pickle there.
And just. if you put some
clothes on. it'll all be fine.
Con-. congresswoman?
Oh. hi.
I am so sorry.
No. I'm sorry.
That was just a lot of knocking.
I wanted to make sure you're okay.
Oh. no. I am totally fine.
Are you okay?
Seriously. you shouldn't have seen that.
Sacrifice. it's not a political question.
It's not about. you know. left and right.
It's about those. you know. who are worthy.
It's older than politics.
It's older than any
nation or any government.
There's this distinction
between the exoteric and the esoteric.
Because. from the outside.
the regular person sees a pandemic.
But the pandemic helped facilitate
the largest transfer of wealth in history.
It announced the rise of a global power.
It spawned new
opportunities for surveillance
and control. and.
ultimately. for sacrifice.
For transcendence for those who are worthy.
I've personally been preparing for.
for decades for this moment.
But we've been preparing since
before the foundations
of the earth were laid.
There was this term the
Ancient Greeks used. "hecatomb."
where they would sacrifice a hundred oxen.
They gave what they could
give. and the gods honored it
and gave them knowledge.
Every step along the way.
they gave us knowledge.
helped us develop technologically
so we could offer more. Exoterically.
we see the rise and fall of civilizations.
But esoterically. every catastrophe.
every dark age was engineered
by those who are worthy.
It was a sacrifice.
And now we have the
resources to offer them the world.
Wait. wait. where are you going?
Where are you going? - No. I'm coming back.
I'm coming back.
Just as long as the
camera's on. we're safe.
Oh.
Aw.
What?
I'm sorry.
I forget.
What do you forget?
I don't know your husband.
I don't have a husband.
You're not married?
Nope.
You should get married.
Yeah. that's what I said.
What did he say?
He left.
Bastard.
Oh. no. no. no.
Are you excited?
Is it a boy?
Oh. so if it was a girl.
you wouldn't be excited?
No. I'm happy.
I'm gonna name him Jeremiah.
No.
I know.
I'm not alive.
What?
No.
I live my life in a dream.
No. - All. all life
is swimming and dreaming
and then. and then they come
and they eat your memories.
Dad?
They eat and they drink
like big fish and I can't even swim.
Dad. please.
Hey.
Dad?
Hello. dad?
Baby. I'm tired.
I know.
I know. me too.
So. dad's asleep and I am in the mood
for more conspiracy theories.
Because what else am I gonna do tonight.
you know?
Oh. and lucky me. I got another email
from good ole Caesar Green.
Let's see what it says.
This is an interview
with Colonel Larry Moses.
He was an officer in the Air Force
and worked for decades in the CIA.
Larry died a week after we spoke.
a heart attack. despite no previous history
of heart trouble.
I wanted to introduce this
and let my viewers know that
because it makes his
remarks at the beginning
of our discussion so much more powerful.
Colonel Moses. thank you for coming on.
Thank you for having me.
You've been sticking your
neck out for a long time.
I figured you could use some company.
It's courageous of you.
I know a lot of my viewers have been asking
because I get this question all the time.
but how are you even still alive right now?
If what you say is true.
there's some very dark forces
that'll stop at nothing to silence you.
Oh. I'm a dead man.
You're-?
I mean that literally.
I was contacted when
we scheduled the interview
and informed that should I go on
and reveal what I know.
I would be dealt with.
And yet. you still came here.
It's my duty.
I've got grandkids.
And if there's gonna be
anything left of this country.
of this world. someone needs to expose
what is going on. someone official.
You've been talking about this for years.
but they can just dismiss you.
call you a conspiracy theorist.
kick you off the internet.
They've done all of the above.
And that's why you're not dead yet.
So tell us.
what do you have for us. Colonel Moses?
I spent a lot of time in the CIA
and people have heard of MK Ultra.
mind-control experiments.
All that stuff is common knowledge.
but it goes so much deeper.
It's not even the
tippy-tip of the iceberg.
Not even.
You contacted me because of my connection
between the extraterrestrial and the-
Yes. - Yeah.
Yes. and the connection
to DMT. psychedelics.
and ultimately. I mean. you were right.
Human sacrifice. adrenochrome.
That's it.
That's right.
Children.
Satanism.
All of it. yes.
And you were a part of this.
Firsthand. but we
didn't call it Satanism.
Most of the people working
these operations are good people.
They think they're
fighting for their country.
They think they're doing the right thing.
How can you explain that?
We're doing what we're told.
It's not just orders from
our direct superiors.
This comes from the president.
There is a coordinated.
international effort
to contact these beings.
And these beings...
elaborate. please.
I don't know what to call them.
This idea that they're visitors
from another planet is a
total misrepresentation.
No little green men from Mars?
There may be little green men.
but they're not for Mars.
They've been here as long
as we have. maybe longer.
The idea that we're the
most intelligent life form
in the universe is obviously preposterous.
Of course.
But you pointed out. I think.
that we take for granted that we're
at the top of the heap on this planet.
That's right.
I always like to use
the metaphor of spiders.
Okay?
Imagine you're a spider.
Your eyes don't work like ours do.
Your brain is the size of a pinhead.
But if somehow somebody
could explain to you
that. in spider language.
that there are these things called people
and they live in these
things called cities.
and you're in this thing called a pantry.
you wouldn't believe them.
They'd call you a conspiracy theorist.
That's right.
But if you didn't listen.
you'd still get squished.
You would.
Hm.
But there's a key difference here:
you can't communicate with the spider.
but these beings want
to communicate with us.
They want us to know about them?
Yes.
Why?
That's the million-dollar question.
Initially we thought they
were products of hallucination.
We were experimenting
with all kinds of narcotics.
astral-projection. stopping people's hearts
and reviving them.
And in recording a lot of
these experiences. we noticed
that the subjects described
seeing these beings.
But why trust the record of a drug trip?
Normally we wouldn't.
and we didn't at first
until these beings started
passing along information.
Subjects started spouting
equations and so forth.
These people would come down
and they'd draw blueprints for technology
that was way beyond
anything we were capable of.
And where is all this coming from?
From them. from these beings.
Sounds pretty noble.
like they're trying to help us out.
That's what we thought at first.
But nothing's free with
them. we found that out.
What do they want?
Gold?
Blood.
Adrenalized blood.
Dad?
Dad!
Dad. are you okay?
Dad?
Hello?
I
don't know what's happening.
Dad just disappeared.
Jeremiah called and said
that the bad guys got him.
but dad's alive. so that's good.
It's 10:45 and Jeremiah
said I had to go back
to his apartment to
get a gun. just in case.
But I've never used
a gun in my entire life.
And I hate guns and I never thought
I would have to even touch one.
But here I am. so.
This is so much bigger than that.
I can't think about that.
Jeremiah said that the
world is about to change
and I believe him because. look.
Why is nobody talking about this?
I turn on the news and nothing.
Nobody is outside. nobody's freaking out.
What is happening?
Adrenalized blood.
From what we could determine.
these are interdimensional beings.
and they want to get
their hooks into our world.
They don't have bodies.
so they're locked out.
Why do they need blood?
It's not simple.
but long story short.
there are spiritual properties in blood.
It can be a kind of bridge
between dimensions.
Between the
spirit world and our world.
You could say that. yeah.
Mm-hm. which explains why
all these pagan deities
demanded human sacrifices.
But the Abrahamic
religions. they were against it.
This has been
going on for a very long time.
Since the
dawn of recorded history.
And there
are certain kinds of blood
that are considered optimal
to achieve communication.
To make a more stable bridge?
Virgins. children.
And that's why
the gods demanded them.
And adrenalized blood.
That's the
other component. yeah.
It sounds horrible. but
to get all that adrenaline
in the blood. the most
effective way is to induce fear.
Oh. god. the fuckin' light is on.
Mark!
Hey. hey. hold on a second.
Please. I'm here to help you. okay?
What the
fuck are you doing here?
You're in danger.
Get the fuck out right now!
Jeremiah is in danger.
Get his name out of your mouth.
Oh. come on!
Listen. I know we don't get along
and we have differences of opinions.
but you need to listen to me. okay?
Jeremiah is being manipulated.
Oh. shut the fuck up!
And I know that he's still alive.
Put it down. okay?
Okay. listen.
We're both dead if you don't listen to me.
Oh. yeah? - Okay?
You first!
No. no. no. no.
You're gonna die.
No. no. no. put that down. please.
Please. please. please.
Have you been stalking me?
No. I haven't been stalking you.
I have contacts in intelligence. okay.
from the good guys. and
Okay. listen.
Jeremiah is being lied to.
You are being lied to and
we are running out of time.
Okay?
So please. please.
please. please believe me.
Okay. if you do not-
Just come. just come with me.
No. I am not coming with you.
Oh. come on!
I am not coming with you!
Come on. I'm begging you!
Okay!
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Okay.
So it's 11:45. someone's coming soon.
But I'm really glad that
I turned off all the lights
and parked far away because look.
Jeremiah knew.
He got me to leave to protect me.
Oh. shit.
Oh. shit. shit. shit. shit.
We gotta go quick.
Get the package and the gun. and let's go.
♪ I got a gun ♪
Thank you so much.
Is Jeremiah safe?
And what about my dad?
Jeremiah's safe.
We're working on securing your father.
He's gonna be okay.
Do you see these UFOs?
Am I going crazy?
You're not crazy.
And you know what?
Is there a space invasion?
Can you please explain what's happening?
Are you familiar with Project Blue Beam?
Also. why are there owls?
This is above top secret.
this is beyond classified.
Any records. if they ever
existed. have been destroyed.
Oh. god.
It's just conspiracy theories.
You only know what you've
seen and what you've read.
Textbooks. newspapers.
the television. the internet.
it's been increasingly becoming electronic.
Like Edward Snowden?
Snowden is just the tip
of the tip of the iceberg.
If they could do that then. years ago?
Track your movements.
listen in on your conversations
to get you buying products and clicking?
And that was just what
they publicly acknowledged.
How much more advanced are they now?
Oh wait. why are we stopped?
Do you mean that they can hear my thoughts?
How about your soul?
What if the technology isn't human?
So this is an alien thing?
Maybe.
Maybe worse.
It's in the satellites. it's in
the chem trails. the phones.
the radio waves. in the tap water.
Wait. this is
just more conspiracy theories.
Why are we stopped?
They can shape all your memories
and everything you see. all history.
A daydream. a nightmare.
For all you know. you never had a brother.
What the fuck!
What is going on!
Oh my god!
Shh.
That was fucking crazy!
What the fuck!
Wait. you all knew it was
that Caesar guy. wasn't it?
Yeah. it was one of his guys.
Oh. - It was one of his guys.
Oh my god. I'm so glad you're okay.
I am so glad you're okay.
Oh my God. I missed you so much. bro.
I really never want you to die.
Wait. hold on.
Where are we going?
We're going someplace safe.
I'm gonna drop you while
I tie up a few loose ends.
and then I'm gonna get dad
and I'm gonna bring it back to you.
No. no. no. no. no.
Wherever you go. I go. bro.
I am not letting you leave me somewhere.
No. you're gonna. you're
gonna just wait on me
to bring dad back. Tig.
we're winning this shit.
This shit is about to be over.
It's almost done. The
good guys are winning.
Yeah. but I
really wanna help you. please.
You are helping me.
You're helping me by trusting me.
Random place?
How am I supposed... It's safe.
How am I supposed to know?
Everything has turned out unsafe.
I thought that my house was safe.
Nope. not safe.
Like. I don't understand.
What am I supposed to believe?
Please. just let me stay with you. please.
Shut the fuck up for a second.
Tig. please.
I'm sorry. I love you.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
No. I'm sorry.
I'm a little I know. I know.
We're just both keyed up. we're tired.
You need to rest.
Okay. - Alright?
Trust me. I'm gonna bring dad back.
You don't have to film all of this.
You should film all of this.
We're gonna be together.
this shit is gonna be over soon.
Yeah. okay.
Okay.
I'm really sorry.
I know you've been through a lot.
I didn't mean to annoy you.
No. you're not annoying me.
I love you. you're good.
I'm really. I really didn't-
No. shh-shh. just.
I'll. I'll do...
So I'm here.
Jeremiah left me out.
I'm fuckin' pissed.
Ugh.
I'm trying to understand it.
I'm trying to be patient.
but I just really thought
that he would want me
at this time. but I
guess not. I don't know.
He said he'd call me with next steps.
Whatever that means. Probably
like some unimportant shit.
Okay.
Wait.
Hello?
Yeah. yeah. it's here.
Yep.
Ugh.
What am I watching?
You want me to tell you what I'm seeing?
Okay.
There are owls.
I don't know what that is
supposed to be. exactly.
Wait a second.
Um. Jeremiah?
Can you hold on one second?
I'm not feeling very well.
Let me call you back.
Jeremiah.
there are people outside with hoods.
No. I'm not putting you on speakerphone.
It's loud.
Yes. of course I trust you.
Okay.
Okay. fine.
Hello. you're on speakerphone.
Okay. hey. it's over.
We got 'em.
Special forces are outside.
The bad guys are gone. okay?
Alright. three of 'em are
dead. one of 'em got arrested.
Jeremiah. there are people outside.
Do you hear me?
They're. they're not-
No. no. no. no. no.
They're the bad. they have hoods.
We are outside.
They almost got you but you're safe now.
Wait? - You're safe.
Wait. they're at the door.
They're at the door.
It's me!
You're Safe! Come out!
You can come out.
Come on out.
Okay. okay. one second.
Open the door.
Come on.
I love you. baby.
I love you. daddy.
Baby. what's wrong?
Jeremiah?
Hey. what's wrong. what's wrong?
What's wrong?
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
She's okay.
Are you okay?
You okay?
Hey. he's not dead.
Hey!
Hey. this isn't real.
This isn't real. okay?
This is just a dream. remember?
This whole thing is just a dream.
Someone's trying to get
you and you can't move.
You open your mouth and there's nothing.
There's barely a whisper.
Huh?
Daddy.
Do you know why you can't scream?
What?
Because there's nothing to cry out for.
There's nothing to mourn.
All of history is effaced.
All of history is a palimpsest.
It's a roll of film. unused and exposed.
baking in the sunlight. not even forgotten.
Listen. Antigone. it was never even there.
What are you doing to me?
Shh.
Antigone?
Antigone.
Hey. you are under the influence
of a very powerful
psychotropic agent right now.
Okay?
It is designed to induce fear in you
and in your unborn child.
Okay?
If you can understand me. I
want you to listen to my words.
I am not trying to help you.
Let that sink in.
I am trying to make it worse.
Shh. Antigone. hey. hey. hey.
Look at me.
Listen. listen. listen.
I know this is hard. but you have to try.
Okay. I need you to try.
This was all theater from moment one.
beautiful as genocide or the atom bomb.
or the Great Leap Forward.
What's a million dead Iraqis?
Go to the the graves of the ones
that have been buried and dig them up
and tell me. please. Antigone.
if you can distinguish their rotting flesh
from the carrion of beasts.
They are no bodies. Antigone.
There is no evidence unless it is captured
in text or on film. The
atrocity undone in its remaking.
In its elevation to a fetish.
to a symbol of horror.
the horror itself is so diminished
as to be entirely forgotten.
Eroded. weathered
to a smudge on the palimpsest.
Barely a smudge.
She'll feel everything. right?
Yeah. every sensation is amplified.
This is basically the
opposite of anesthesia.
Okay.
The copy is all that's left.
We are led by our lady Babalon
from the real to the unreal.
from light to darkness.
from death to immortality.
And I saw a woman
seated on a scarlet beast
that was full of blasphemous names.
and it had seven heads and ten horns.
And the woman was
clothed in purple and scarlet
and adorned in gold and jewels and pearls.
And in her hand was a
golden cup full of abominations
and of the impurities of her fornication.
And on her forehead was written a name.
a mystery. Babylon.
I love you. baby.
The great mother of whores
and of Earth's abominations.
And I saw that she was
drunk on the blood of the saints
and on the blood of the witnesses to Jesus.
Jeremiah?
Do it!
Do it now!
♪ But if I lay down ♪
♪ And I play dead ♪
♪ And I stay dead ♪
♪ Baby you'll get ♪
♪ Sick of being the monster ♪
♪ Outta my head ♪
♪ Under my bed ♪
♪ Think you're something ♪
♪ Out of nightmares ♪
♪ Standing right there ♪
♪ But if I lay down ♪
♪ And I play dead ♪
♪ And I stay dead ♪
♪ Then will you get bored of killing me? ♪
♪ Silhouettes of you are like a taunt ♪
♪ Never really know just what you want ♪
♪ With you I don't ever feel calm ♪
♪ I can feel the sweat inside my palms ♪
♪ Play with me like cats and a string ♪
♪ You don't understand the pain it brings ♪
♪ You don't ever wanna give me wings ♪
♪ You don't ever wanna set me free ♪
♪ You know I'm addicted to you ♪
♪ And it's twisted you've been gifted ♪
♪ With the evil voodoo ♪
♪ Got me comin' back for more ♪
♪ Even when I've been screwed ♪
♪ Dolls full of piss pierce
my heart straight through ♪
♪ Everything is like a test ♪
♪ I better not text or
I'll come off desperate ♪
♪ But if I lay down ♪
♪ And I play dead ♪
♪ And I stay dead ♪
♪ Baby you'll get sick
of being the monster ♪
♪ Outta my head ♪
♪ Under my bed ♪
♪ Think you're something ♪
♪ Out of my nightmares ♪
♪ Standing right there ♪
♪ But if I lay down ♪
♪ And I play dead ♪
♪ And I stay dead ♪
♪ Then will you get bored of killing me? ♪
♪ So if I play dead ♪
♪ Will you regret ♪
♪ Everything that you did. that you said ♪
♪ I don't think you
understand what you doing ♪
♪ And my heart's black and blue ♪
♪ From the bruising ♪
♪ I feel like when I'm
with you I'm losing ♪
♪ I feel like you think that this amusing ♪
♪ Sittin' there gaslighting and confusing ♪
♪ Was it me. is it me. am I deluded ♪
♪ I wish when I first saw you I knew this ♪
♪ When I'm with you I feel so useless ♪
♪ I feel diluted ♪
♪ My heart's been wounded ♪
♪ Silhouettes of you are like a taunt ♪
♪ Never really know just what you want ♪
♪ With you I don't ever feel calm ♪
♪ I could feel the sweat inside my palms ♪
♪ Play with me like cats and a string ♪
♪ You don't understand the pain it brings ♪
♪ You don't ever wanna give me wings ♪
♪ You don't ever wanna set me free ♪